Rearranging content for GS tutorials (#1297)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/tutorial/getting-set-up.md

---
title: Getting set up
id: getting-set-up
description: "Set up your environment so you can start using dbt."
---

> Learn how to turn the following SQL query into a tested, documented, and deployed dbt project. You can preview [the generated documentation](https://www.getdbt.com/getting-started-tutorial/#!/overview) for the project you're about to build. You'll need a working knowledge of SQL to complete this tutorial.

Reviewer: I think we want to give an time estimation here. I usually say our getting started takes about 1 hour to do but I don't know if @coapacetic would agree with me.

> If you want a more in-depth learning experience, consider taking some [dbt Learn online courses](https://courses.getdbt.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want a more in-depth learning experience, we recommend taking the dbt Fundamentals on our [dbt Learn online courses site](https://courses.getdbt.com/).
```
